In this lecture, we're going to modify the units for our theme for layouts.
WordPress allows users to use different units of measurement for margin and padding.
Let's look at an example in our editor.
Let's view the padding settings for the site title block.
Next to the input, we can select different units.
By default.
WordPress will use pixels, but we can switch over to percentages.
Believe it or not, WordPress allows team developers to add or remove units from this dropdown.
If you know me, I'm not a huge fan of M, I think R.M. is superior.
You may feel differently for our theme.
We're going to disable M as an option.
Let's try changing the units in your text.
Editor Open the theme JSON file.
In the settings object, we're going to modify the spacing option.
Add a new property called units.
This property will be an array of units that our theme supports.
Let's add the following units.
P x.
R.
E m.
Percent vw v h.
We're excluding the M unit that should do it.
Try testing our theme settings by refreshing the page in the browser.
After doing so, try modifying the site title blocks.
Spacing Options.
The M unit has been completely removed.
In its place, WordPress will load our units.
Pretty simple, right?
We're almost finished exploring the spacing options.
There's just one more setting that we're going to explore.
Let's talk about it in the next lecture.